
Manifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean.

Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the PacificMissouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean.

Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the
Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean.

Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean. issouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remainingManifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean.

1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remaining











Key terms :
Manifest destiny : phrase first used in 1845 to urge annexation of Texas and used thereafter to encourage American settlement of European colonial and indian lands in the Great plains And the West, and more generally as a justification of US empire. God intended the American nation to reach all the way to the Pacific Ocean.

Missouri compromise :1820 law admitting Misouri to the Union as a slave state and Maine as a free state, while banning slavery from the remaining Louisiana Purchase lands located north of the 36° 30' parallel.	


war about slavery, when lincoln voted, they thought they were free, back then they didnt think it was a war for slavery.
US was not N°1 of slavery, extreme violence from revolution to segregration. Brazil, jamaica, Cuba were big contributors to slavery. Cotton picking was not N°1
South and North were not white and black, there were southerners, anti racsit and northerners who were for slavery
anti-slavery /= believe blacks are equal to whites.


































